[clang-tidy] Fix invalid fixit from modernize-use-ranges for nullptr used with std::unique_ptr (#127162)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Improved :doc:`misc-redundant-expression
  <clang-tidy/checks/misc/redundant-expression>` check by providing additional
  examples and fixing some macro related false positives.
  

> - Fixed a false positive in :doc:`modernize-use-ranges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved :doc:`modernize-use-ranges
```
I think we should stick to uniform style of ReleaseNotes, example can be found [here](https://releases.llvm.org/19.1.0/tools/clang/tools/extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.html).

>   <clang-tidy/checks/modernize/use-ranges>` check by updating suppress warnings logic for ``nullptr`` in ``std::find``.

Reviewer: Please make lines no more than 80 characters long (rule applied to all docs).

>   <clang-tidy/checks/modernize/use-ranges>`update the logic to suppress warnings for `nullptr` in `std::find`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <clang-tidy/checks/modernize/use-ranges>` check by updating suppress warnings logic for ``nullptr`` in ``std::find``.
```
